OSDOCS-3825 Azure Accelerated Networking enabled in OCP 4.11 (#48539)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-11-release-notes.adoc

For more information, see xref:../installing/installing_azure/enabling-user-managed-encryption-azure.adoc#enabling-user-managed-encryption-azure[Enabling user-managed encryption for Azure].

> [id="ocp-4-11-azure-network-accel]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="ocp-4-11-azure-network-accel"]
```
This might fix your build error.

==== Accelerated Networking for Azure enabled by default

> {product-title} 4.11 on Azure provides accelerated networking for controller and compute nodes. Accelerated networking is now enabled by default with the installation program for IPI installation. 

Reviewer: IPI's [forbidden](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/term_glossary.adoc#installer-provisioned-infrastructure).

> {product-title} 4.11 on Azure provides accelerated networking for controller and compute nodes. Accelerated networking is enabled by default for supported instance types in an installer-provisioned infrastructure installation. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{product-title} 4.11 on Azure provides accelerated networking for control plane and compute nodes. Accelerated networking is enabled by default for supported instance types in an installer-provisioned infrastructure installation. 
```
